Not willing. You don't want to.
You two damn girls. Of course I agree at this time.
Your Madam. Never hide anything from one another.
I already have someone to admire. memory.
You don't mean to say that. right.
That's right. It's just agile.
I. But we are not already divorced.
Although you were born poor. His own abilities are not strong either.
The income is not high yet. But your professional effectiveness.
No matter what happens to me, you can help me improve it.
Memory should be like a noble confession.
You are the talent that makes Dang a family.
Your sister says stupid things
Although you have no goal
What nonsense are you talking about?
Don't you have any excuses?
no special reason
I just want to marry him, what about you?
Did your bet with me fail?
If I remember correctly
De Che’s disappearance cuts off both heads